docs: Add uri for file information for config files (#1198)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/configuration/CommonCommandLineOptions.md

## Config Directory

`-cd/--configDir`

!!! edgey "EdgeX 3.0"
    The `-c/--confdir` command line option is replaced by `-cd/--configDir` in EdgeX 3.0.

Specify local configuration directory. Default is `./res`, but will be ignored if Config File parameter refers to a URI beginning with `http` or `https`.

Can be overridden with [EDGEX_CONFIG_DIR](./CommonEnvironmentVariables.md#edgex_config_dir) environment variable.

!!! edgey "EdgeX 3.0"
    The `EDGEX_CONF_DIR` environment variable is replaced by `EDGEX_CONFIG_DIR` in EdgeX 3.0.

## Config File

`-cf/--configFile <name>`

!!! edgey "EdgeX 3.0"
    The `-f/--file` command line option is replaced by `-cf/--configFile` in EdgeX 3.0.

Indicates the name of the local configuration file or the [URI](../general/index.md#uri-for-files) of the private configuration. Default is `configuration.yaml`.

Can be overridden with [EDGEX_CONFIG_FILE](./CommonEnvironmentVariables.md#edgex_config_file) environment variable.

!!! edgey "EdgeX 3.1"

>     Support for use of **either** a local private configuration file or URI of a private configuration.

Reviewer: local file isn't new...

```suggestion
    Support for loading private configuration via URI is new in EdgeX 3.1.
```

`-cc/ --commonConfig`

!!! edgey "EdgeX 3.0"
    The Common Config flag is new to EdgeX 3.0

Takes the location where the common configuration is loaded from - either a local file path or a [URI](../general/index.md#uri-for-files) when not using the Configuration Provider. Default is blank.

Can be overridden with [EDGEX_COMMON_CONFIG](./CommonEnvironmentVariables.md#edgex_common_config) environment variable.

!!! edgey "EdgeX 3.1"

>     Support for use of **either** a local common configuration file or URI of a common configuration.

Reviewer: Local file is new...
```suggestion
    Support for loading common configuration file via URI is new in EdgeX 3.1.
```
